Zhenzhen, you are here
I don't care, you drop it for me.
Hello dad
Zhenzhen, what's wrong?
It's my birthday!
My dad didn't get me a restaurant reservation
Hang up on me
Uncle Red may be busy for a while
So did my uncle last night.
He hasn't come back yet.
Don't worry.
Isn't it just a grand sky garden?
I'll solve it for you.
I don't believe it.
In this Yunzhou
There are still people who can not give you the face of the eldest lady
How do you want to solve it?
Who ordered this five-star hall today?
Sorry, sir.
We cannot disclose customer information.
Don't worry, we won't trouble you.
You just have to tell me who it is.
I'll find him to solve it myself
This is the apple of the eye of the president of the Suzaku Association
And my uncle
The president of the Xuanwu Association
Do you know what happened to the two of us?
Actually, I don't know who it is
I only know that it is a real lady's birthday
Miss Zhenzhen
Didn't your dad say he didn't make an order for you?
That's what my dad said
Oh, I see.
Uncle must have wanted to surprise you
Is that so?
It must be so.
Oops, really?
What's the matter, I just saw that dead cripple
Entering the VIP elevator
But I'm still thinking
How could he possibly enter this five-star hall?
It seems that the waiter recognized him as you
Don't forget that his name is also Zhenzhen, Zhenzhen